This is just an outline of the research area.  It is subject to evolve as and when new information comes to light.

Title: Role of Religion in New Age World.  A Marketing Practitioners Perspective.

The questions that need to be asnswered are:
1) Definition of Marketing in the New-Age Markets.
2) Definition of Religion in the New-Age World.
3) Developing Marketing Strategies and plans in the New Age World.
4) Impact of Religion on the Marketing Strategies and plans.
5) Definition of Marketing Insights (capturing data for New Age Marketing Strategies and Plans).
6) Impact of Religion on the Marketing Insights.
7) Connecting with Customers (Sciences of Marketing)
8) Analyzing Consumer and Business Markets in the New Age World.
9) Impact of Religion on the Consumer and Business Marketing Strategies.
10) Dealing with Competition in the New Age World.
11) Impact of Religion on the Status-Quo of the Competitors.
12) Branding in the New Age World.
13) Impact of Religion on the Branding Concepts.
14) Designing and Managing Services in the New Age World.
15) Impact of Religion on the Design and Service Management in the New Age World.
16) Developing Pricing Strategies in the New Age World.
17) Impact of Religion on the Pricing of the Products and Services.
18) Designing and Managing Integrated Marketing Communications Channels in the New Age World.
19) Impact of Religion on the Integrated Marketing Communications Channels.
20) Impact of IT on Marketing Management in the New Age World. 
21) Impact of Religion on the Marketing Management.
22) Managing a Global Holistic Marketing Organization
23) Impact of Religion on the Global Holistic Marketing Organization.

Research Methodology/Plan is subject to the Institution/Supervisor/Scholarship(s)/Grant(s).

The work could be original as Religion and Marketing are considered to be polar modules.  I am not sure if previous research has been conducted in
the field of religion and marketing.

Importance:  The study is important as religion has evolved in the new age world.  Gone are the days when religion enjoyed upper hand in shaping the
markets and the political strategies.  21st Century Consumerism and the modernism dented the Religious Supremacy in the last century.  However, Post
World War - II, Religion has found new hosts in the New Age World impacting the future of all.  The rise of the social media as an Integrated Marketing
Communications Tool almost toppled rogue governments without war.  The distribution channels were severly impacted.  The rogue Governments did manage to 
find their way back.  The leaks of Religious scriptures/Texts and the leaks of Corporal information caused serious disbelief in the way Governments function.
This impacted the Corporations and their response to the Core Marketing fundamentals.  The Marketing as any other discipline needs to review and adapt/evolve
as a leader for peace.

Thanks,
Sakib.