Dear Sirs,

This is in regards to the open opening for the MPhil/PHD programme and the DBA programme.  I write to you with utmost
sincerity and hope that this application shall meet the level of requirement set by yourselves.

I consider myself a talented and motivated management trainee as the sciences of the discipline of Management are vast.
Having spent my early childhood (schooling) in Srinagar, Jammu and Kashmir, India, I aspired to be a Doctor in Medical Sciences as
many of my family members were doctors.  Hence the reason to study Physics, Chemistry, Biology, English and Mathematics at the Higher Secondary-XII/
Intermediate level.  As one is aware of the teenage life where adrenaline takes charge and the aspiration of doing something big is high
I was distracted or rather attacted by the computers.  In particular the success of Bill Gates and Steve Jobs was quite enthralling and I was 
a dreamer.  So, I convinced my parents to send me roughly 3000kms away for graduation to the Silicon Valley of India, Bangalore.  
At the same time, I was a religious connoisseur and began taking religious scriptures seriously.  The mix of religion with accounting, economics,
marketing, human resources, international business and various other disciplines didn't go very well.  I ended up with not so good grades and not good
understanding of the sciences and my future.  I obtained the degree of Bachelor of Business Management from Bangalore University.  This experience
nevertheless prepared me for higher management education.

I decided to move to New Delhi, the capital of India.  After appearing in various aptitute exams, I obtained 91sh percentile in the MAT and was
admitted with IILM.  I studied well, completed my PGDM from there and was placed with a real estate developer - Omaxe Ltd.  However, the selling of
apartments or shall we call it cozy nests for families was too tough for me and I was fired by the company in the third month in lieu of bad performance. 

I moved on and completed my MBA from IGNOU for the next couple of years and wrote a dissertation on Destination Marketing - Marketing Kashmir to
International tourists effectively.  In the meanwhile, I chased my dream of becoming an entrepreneur and tried various options.  However, it proved
difficult as the level of technical competence in the hospitality industry in my state(pol.) was low and the sources of funding(islamic) were non-existent.
The dream of becoming an entrepreneur was overtaken by the need of studying management/marketing sciences and contributing towards the development of the field.
I found about the PHD programmes in Norway through the Norwegian Embassy, New Delhi yesterday and find it very interesting.  As I find myself short of time,
I write to you to consider my application for this position.  You may find more about me on my website: www.marhaba.co through the available links.

I am sure you will find my presence and my talent in worthy of inclusion in your research team.  I look forward to hearing from you soon.

Best Regards,
Sakib.

Important terms:
IILM: Institute for Learning in Management. (www.iilm.edu)
SBMJC - CMS: Sri Bhagawan Mahaveer Jain College - Center for Management Studies. (www.cms.ac.in)
MAT: Management Aptitude Test. (www.aima.in/testing-services/mat/mat.html)
PGDM: Post Graduate Diploma in Management.
MBA: Master of Business Administration.
IGNOU: Indira Gandhi National Open University. (www.ignou.ac.in)