Notes from the game - Dominations.

Ruling the Nile: The Nile River is the longest river in the world.  Running through the deserts of north-east Africa, the Nile has seen the rise and
fall of some of the greatest civilizations ever conceived.

The missions:
1 - Damanhur	: City of the god Horus.
2 - Avaris	: Abustling center for trade.
3 - Memphis	: Home to the pyramid complex at Giza.
4 - Amarna	: Contains the great temple of the Aten.
5 - Bahariya	: Seaside oasis with mining and agriculture.
6 - Kharga	: The outer Oasis.
7 - Dakhla	: The inner Oasis.
8 - Thebes	: The city of the god Amun-Ra.
9 - Sawn	: Port on the Red Sea.
10- Abydos	: Home to the temple of Seti I.
11- Berenice	: A city famous for its prosperity.
12- Abu		: Home to the temples to the god Ramesses.
13- Medja	: Home of the Medjay; nomadic desert scouts and protectors of Pharaonic interests.

The Fertile Crescent: The Cradle of Civilization. This region encompasses the the Tigris and Euphrates Rivers, the far-eastern coast of the Mediterranean Sea
and the northern portion of the Nile river. Also known as the 'cradle of civilization' in approximately 9000 BCE this area saw the transformation of nomadic
hunter gatherers to sedantary farmers, adn subsequently the rise of some of the earliest known human civilizations.

The missions:
1 - Assyria	: Known for its kings who live in tents.
2 - Ninevah	: Religious center for worship of the Assyrian goddess Ishtar.
3 - Diyala	: Semi-Nomadic Barbarians.
4 - Babylonia	: Where Hammurabi created his code of laws.
5 - Upper Eupherates: A den of Barbarians.
6 - Lower Tigris: Barbaric Settlement.
7 - Sumeria	: Known for its early technology.
8 - Uruk	: Once the largest city in the world and Gilgamesh's capital city.
9 - Susa	: Followers of the goddesss Inama.
10- Ur		: A wealthy city and location of the Great Ziguurat.

Peloponessian War:  The Peloponessian War was fought between the city-states of Greece-Athens and her allies versus Sparta and hers.
The war lasted for 26 years.  After early victories Athens lost her army during an invasion of Sicil, Sparta emerged Victorious.

1 - Epirus	: Frontier area at the periphery of the Greek world.
2 - Macedonia	: Future birthplace of Alexander the Great.
3 - Thrace	: Known for its love of arts and military prowess.
4 - Thessaly	: Mythological home of Centaurs.
5 - Aetolia	: Outlying mountanous region.
6 - Thermophylae: Rumered location of the entrance to Hades.
7 - Thebes	: A leading Greek city-state, later destroyed by Alexander the Great.
8 - Corinth	: Known for being ruled by tyrants.
9 - Athens	: The cradle of western civilizations.
10- Crete	: Houses the mythical Labyrinth.
11- Rhodes	: Home to the Colossus of Rhodes.
12- Troy	: Fell to the famous Trojan Horse ruse.
13- Miletus	: Origin of the Greek philosophical traditions.

NB: The word 'god' does not necessarily mean 'GOD|YHWH|AL-ILAH'.  It could mean Arch-angels/god-ly Chieftains, Beings of Higher Dimensions etc. 
