Witchcraft: Traditionally a word used to denote evil magic. In modern terms, it often refers to
low magic - candles, herbs, spells etc.

Sorcery: A version of high magic, often concerned with rituals, transformations and necromancy. ???

Wizardry: Ive honestly never heard this outside of Harry Potter, where it seems to both refer to high magic,
and male magic users.  Rowling uses witch solely to refer to a female magic user, and not a low magic user
as is used in the real world.  Which is fine, its a storybook. ;)

Magic: Magic refers to any sort of metaphysical shenanigans where a human is deliberately trying to achieve
something.  Its normally used to differentiate between high magic, and low, dirty witchcraft. :p
334 Views  2 Upvotes
Zombie Fox
Zombie Fox, years searching the right hand path
Answered Mar 15
Well I'll leave magic out, it's a vague term that describes everything from the tooth fairy to a card trick.

Sorcery, from what I gather, is a lost art that depended on an alliance with a higher spiritual being which
optimally results in the practitioner having access to an external power much stronger than anything he
could have otherwise channeled by himself. The only set limitations for a sorcerer are the constraints
of the alliance, mortality, and the endurance of his mind. The outlaw in the universe of magic.

Witchcraft, is literally a double sided coin. On one side you have this fad religion that people flock
to in a desire to fill some need or curiosity, a place of little to no real magic that plays more off
of a placebo effect than anything. On the other side you have the creeds, and ancient people the term
was coined for. These people actively practiced a life-nature magic.

In the beginning it was superstition that developed rituals in hopes of influencing fate and lead up to
the discovery of an entirely separate branch of magic that involves the art of energy harvesting and binding,
the well known spells, elemental magic, the study of seasons, and divination, to name a few.  The only 
limitations for witches are the universal laws, and those they impose on themselves.

Wizardry, These are the elite, wizards are to magic as scientists are to science.
A scientist will be an expert in any area of science, and still maintain a mental library including the rest of known science.
The same can be said for wizards, they are masters in their field of study while having an insiders understanding of the workings
behind the magical arts.  The sky's the limit for a wizard, though for one to get that far they should understand the 'game' well
enough to not f*** it up.

the people of 'other><other' dimension. 
- Mysticism - Gus?
- Wizardry - Abdal?
- Sorcery - Wali?
- Magick - Nabi?
- Witchery - Naqeeb?
- Humanity - Adam?
- XXXXXXXX - Ilah?
- 