Advisory — Appearance, Face, Personality, Voice of Homo,s (humans) can be impersonated | duplicated by being(s) of higher, other, lower dimension(s). They can appear in the form of a child, adult, old-aged person, male, female, or an animal. They can also appear with different skin-tone, color of eye-iris and whole eye, hair-color – blonde, black, etc. Someone can also be under a spell (Harry Potter, Madrigals) and others might feel confused while conversing with them. Spell(s) are temporary and valid for certain term? 

The Original Coran did not consist of the word Jahannum(Hell). The word Jannah was used for both Paradise and Purgatory and Hell perhaps ...

Iblees not to be confused with Azazeel not to be confused with Lucifer not to be confused with Serpent.

Some being(s), soul(s) are exalted over some in rank and,or status | superiority (presumably GOD’z doing).

Some Being(s) of other dimension(s) can speak and comprehend multiple languages; however, pretending to be foolish and,or wearing rags | beggarish attire etc.

Whatever we see (eyes(pupil) functioning like cameras) gets recorded and transmitted to GOD’z servers(gervers); Whatever we speak, hear, touch, think, smell, every act, every thought, every word ...  is all recorded.  Some soul(s) have acquired or granted access to knowing whatever we are doing (live)?  Any interference and deviation is also recorded and taken into consideration. It doesn’t mean GOD is watching it live all the time. IOT? Using someone as a medium is also recorded.  The metrics are in different languages that being(s) of higher, other, lower dimension(s) can comprehend.

Animals, Birds, Insects might be able to see color(light) in a different light-spectrum than what most of us can. 

GOD is not going to hold you accountable for something that is not in your power | capability.  However, pray that GOD be kind toward you for GOD is kind towards GOD’z creation.

Individual(s) can have varying levels | degrees of Free-Will.  Somebody can have 50%, Somebody can have 80%, Somebody can have 100% and so on … Just like different individual(s) have varying level(s) | degree(s) of IQ.  Degree of Free-Will can vary at any given point-in-time (increase or decrease).

There are being(s) who live among us in their after-death state (eternal lifetime | timeline?) and,or come from different planets, dimensions, galaxies; some are homo sapiens, some are homo deus, … .  There are people who visit other planets from our planet. Interstellar!

Some beings of other dimension can levitate in null dimension becoming invisible to us but being in proximity to us; they can see us from their dimension; They interact with other beings of their dimension using sign language? Not sure if they can hear us.

Decisions that you take or choices that you make, selections, options, …


There are invisible drone-like cameras and speakers assigned to each being that record activity each at specific fixed vector points (some body facing whereas some outward facing e.g., poop coming out of butthole). There are also cameras that keep revolving around beings to record activity from different angles. This is why sometimes we tend to believe that we are hearing our own soul while doing something, however, it is people who are watching us live. 
Check this out to try to relate.
https://math.stackexchange.com/questions/645672/what-is-the-difference-between-a-point-and-a-vector
https://drive.google.com/file/d/14GiLpM55MDy6ktCIXYvUFJ1ogpEKoyeQ/view?usp=drive_link

The term Adam could mean first of its kind | original prototype (for each specie). 

“Our lives” are not only a product of our interactions in our world. It’s also a product of interactions between constants and variables in multiple realms.

Some beings don’t sleep and are awake 24x7, yet they don’t feel tired or get sick.